Docs proofreading (#397)
paritytech/zombienet: docs/src/cli/setup.md

e.g.

```bash

> Please add the dir to your $PATH by running the command: export PATH=/home/<user>/zombienet/dist:$PATH

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add the dir to your $PATH by running the command: export PATH=/home/<user>/<current_directory>/dist:$PATH
```
